=head1 NAME

Taco::ServiceRegistry - Definitions of Taco services

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 # In Taco/ServiceRegistry.pm:
    $root_dir = "/wherever/you/want";

    %registry = (
      "your_service" => {
        "Modules" => [ qw(Core TacoDB) ],  # The modules this service uses - required
        "TemplatePath" => ["$root_dir/your_service/templates", "/etc/templates"],
        "Taco::DB_config" => "$root_dir/your_service/config.pl",  # Add entries that your modules
                                                                  # need to have
      },
      ...
    );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Taco::ServiceRegistry.pm file contains configuration information about
the various Taco services you define.  Each key in the %registry hash
is the name of a Taco service, and the value is an anonymous hash of various
attributes of the service.

The "Modules" attribute is currently the only required attribute - it
specifies which Taco modules the service uses.

The "ServiceDir" attribute will be used to fill in other default
settings, such as "TemplatePath".  If you don't set it, it will be
given a default value of C<"$root_dir/$service"> (where $service is
the name of the service being defined).

The "TemplatePath" attribute is not required, but if it is not given, a
default value of C<["$ServiceDir/templates"]> will be used (where
$ServiceDir is the value of the "ServiceDir" attribute).

These three attributes are currently the only attributes known by Taco
- all other attributes are the property of specific modules.  For
instance, the Taco::DB module needs a "Taco::DB_config" attribute, a
"Taco::DB_data_dir" attribute, and so on.  It can set default values
for these attributes based on the values of the ServiceDir attributes,
etc.  Please read the documentation for the modules you want to use to
see what information they require in the ServiceRegistry.

=head1 AUTHOR

Ken Williams (ken@forum.swarthmore.edu)

=head1 SEE ALSO

perl(1), Taco(3)

=cut
